Oh do everything what happened when
during the battle
welcome to the Dark Side of the Moon
gentlemen aren't we supposed to be on
top of the mountain to win this thing
our job is to separate the Taliban and
the ordinary people
how do we do our jobs and stay safe
respect keeps us safe I wouldn't trade
this for anything look at us
Band of Brothers keep me pairs okay
trust me babe I quit I love you
we're gonna win by getting their hearts
and minds and hearts and minds and they
want our blood and guts
sorry pal that's life at Camp Keating
every time they take a potshot at us
they're figuring us out I'm the big one
cons all of us dialed in
as the big ones that watch everybody
fall back enemy in the wire
I let him back into my cup
we need to retake this camp we don't
have any air support a manpower or men
are trapped up there
our MIG who is 40 yards away there's
everything we need to stay in this fight
let me do this Sarah
[Music]
let's show some love with the ones
twenties you're all right back
come on drums around me you're not gonna
die okay Oh BJ
right foot two
[Music]
we're taking this back